the castrovillari capitana canna exceeds
the first obstacle in the fight against
promotion in series d by beating al
before an audience that remembers
glories of a time now far away a
catico gallic ascended to mimmo rende
with the clear intention of ruining the
party to the rossoneri
two to one the final result after two
extra time
with this result the castrovillari yes
wins the Sicilian semi-final
but let's go to the chronicle of the match at
ninth catoni forward on punishment from
40 meters weak shot but angled para
barillaro responds that other life of with
the barrel shot a little high on the
crosspiece
still castrovillari with lombardi in that
steals the ball and throws the attacking sand
rossonero drunk to direct opponent
that spreads it to the edge of the area kicks
the same sarli flies barilla and saves the
his door
at the 38th castrovillari in advantage
galetti launch for sarli bomber
Red-black
enter the area and with a delicious touch
beats barilla
explodes mimmo renders and also joy
of the deserved rossonero champion
advantage for the eleven of mister de rosa
immediate reaction of whites of
franceschini from the distance no
problem for the Rossoneri goalkeeper
while you will be galvanized by the goal you find
hidden energies and works on the roof
nothing happens in the first 45
minutes is the Signor Marcenaro from Genoa
whistle for halftime in the
shooting the castrovillari tries to close
the match
the cane launches them from 50 meters on
fantasista puts in the middle for cockerels
fingertip intervention of
barilla that saves its door at the ninth
catona dangerous action on the right of
ball books in the middle of a pulling cat
without a doubt barillaro feat that
save the result
then completes the ferraro disengagement of
head putting the ball in out reacts
castrovillari that packs a
counterattack sticking up for the
reed swapping with sarli throw at
center for lombardi that is anticipated
of a breath from the exit of barillà to
twentieth great shot from 40 meters of
mark that raises the dust from the
crosspiece
to the 34th most protected sand from
public gives way to barbera
nothing happens any more than the east up
to the 48th where only a kick of
punishment on the right out for the catona
comes out empty as the ball ends
on the feet of galletti that cicca
blatantly the sphere takes advantage of it
cat that slipped puts it in is
an authentic cold shower for i
rossoneri who did
does not seem to have catona instead of
being able to play the possibility of
additional luckily does not accuse the
blow the castrovillari that one brings
instead immediately forward long launch of
gange for the early barbera ready
response of the catone on a corner kick
head spurts marcianò for books yes
immolate donated ball that ends up in
gangster feet who gets rid of two
precise opponents and lombardi yes
adjust the ball on the right the
Rossoneri ferret is outside in a row
barilla is the apotheosis
the catona accuses the coup of
castrovillari tries to close
the encounter with the barbera that all alone
you make forty meters at the foot but
misses the last touch
on the seventh of the second half
extra is ejected zappia per
do not use the guest bomber on the gange
gets well and gets caught by the public
nervousness even on the bench of the
catona where a staff member loses
the head
then of course he will be expelled
from the referee there is just the time for a
another acute of the catona then only party
for the eleventh Rossoneri deservedly
victorious on a catona he has
proved to be one of the best
teams seen at the mimmo makes this year
the best in the Rossoneri home
in addition to the public twelfth man in
Lombard barillaro and gange field